Update DG & UG for Find / Payments (#159)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T13-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

4. **When executing commands with `PERSON_INDEX`**, if you did not input an appropriate index, the error message shown is generic; CampusConnect informs you the format of the command you should adhere to instead of prompting you to input a positive index. We will be working on this in the future to **improve the specificity of error messages.**
5. **When executing `updatephoto` command**, if the `PERSON_INDEX` contains characters besides `0-9`, CampusConnect will be unresponsive as we assume that you will input a valid integer for `PERSON_INDEX`. Moreover, successful execution of the same `updatephoto` command with the same image will still result in `Photo updated` even though the photo is not updated. In addition, you can input multiple valid paths and the command will update your contact profile with the last image. We will be working on **handling more errors and improving the specificity of messages in the future.**

> 6. **When executing all commands**, CampusConnect only accepts printable ASCII characters. We plan to support Unicode characters in the future for greater internationalization support, since users could have contacts with names including diacritics or non-alphabetic characters (e.g. Chinese characters).

Reviewer: 6. **When executing all commands**, CampusConnect only accepts printable ASCII characters. Additionally, certain commands may only accept alphanumeric input (such as name field in `add` not accepting slashes). We plan to improve our internationalization support in the future, allowing for Unicode characters to be used throughout the app since users could have contacts with names including diacritics or non-alphabetic characters (e.g. Chinese characters).

> 6. **When executing all commands**, CampusConnect only accepts printable ASCII characters. We plan to support Unicode characters in the future for greater internationalization support, since users could have contacts with names including diacritics or non-alphabetic characters (e.g. Chinese characters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **When executing all commands**, CampusConnect only accepts printable ASCII characters. Additionally, certain commands may only accept alphanumeric input (such as name field in `add` not accepting slashes). We plan to improve our internationalization support in the future, allowing for Unicode characters to be used throughout the app since users could have contacts with names including diacritics or non-alphabetic characters (e.g. Tamil, Arabic or Chinese names).

```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, committed!
